Hi.
Good day.
Everyone has been No, our brain functions will actually deteriorate as we age.
But the good news is this can be reversed.
What you need to do is to give enough challenge to our brain on a daily basis.
So today, I would like to give you another challenge, another hand movement challenge for you to try
out.
I would call this exercise as pointless.
Okay, so before we begin, I'm going to use two things.
The first thing is what I call peaceful.
The second thing is what I call a point.
All right.
So we are going to, you know, turn one hand to pointer and the other hand to the peaceful sign, and
then we will alternate this hand movement by changing it to the other way around.
Okay.
So now I'm going to change my left hand to pointer and the right hand to peaceful sign.
And let's change again.
You can do this exercise in four days.
You can.
Emergency.
I know.
You can actually.
I do some hand.
Because.
You might actually find that it is quite tiring to do this.
So with some light exercise, you actually have to relax your.
Are you ready for?
When more challenging past.
I'm going to add a split in between that and okay so let's.
These.
The faster you can get.
One of the facts about the brain is if you don't use it, you won't lose it.
We don't want to be in the situation in order to be grilled by our loved ones for the loss of our memory,
even though we are still alive.
I hope everyone will have a good day and I hope to see you in my next lesson.
Hi, my name is Jill.
I am a health coach.
I help people to make lifestyle changes to achieve better health.
If you need someone to get you through your health journey, you may want to contact me.